hello I'm Valdemar Albrecht and I'm here
to make a twist and the quintessential
grilled cheese sandwich I'm making a
panini with brief caramelized onions and
a peach and apricot preserve what we
need for this recipe is a love of
ciabatta
although focaccia would work just as
well we have a 15 ounce err president
brie round although you could use the
a-town sir we have peach and apricot
preserve and caramelized onions that I
have earlier sauteed in olive oil for
about 20 minutes to release all the
sugars in them so let's get to it we'll
take our loaf of bread and we'll split
it in half and then we'll make
lengthwise cut to separate the bread
okay we have sliced our bread now we'll
face it open and we're ready to cut our
cheese from the center to the outer rind
like pieces of the pie and this one's
we'll use to dress our bread and here we
go so we're placing our bread here and
we're ready to dress our bread we're
gonna move it right over here
and we'll take our pieces of brie and we
want to make sure that we cover the
whole surface of the bread so we have
three evenly melting all across the
surface and here we go a little bit more
want to make sure it's all covered and
one more a couple of more here and we
shall be ready to dress it up so as I
said the onions had been caramelized for
about 20 minutes we release all the
sugars and we only put a little bit of
olive oil
so we'll put as much as you'd like it's
gonna give kind of a sweet overtone to
this dish it's gonna make it very very
delicious a little savory as well too so
we'll put some onions all across the
bread
just a tiny bit more and now we'll be
ready to use our preserve as I said
before we're using a peach and apricot
preserve but you can pretty much use
anything that you have we'll go ahead
and now put our preserve on top little
bit here and here and just a touch more
you should have your panini press
pre-heat it a little bit 5 to 10 minutes
so it's nice and warm when you put your
bread in there if you don't have a
panini press don't worry about it you
can have a frying pan or a grilling pan
and you can definitely use it just put
some pressure on top of it and it'll do
the trick now we're ready to dress it
right here we'll open our panini press
which has been preheated we'll take our
bread make sure that you press the
panini press so you get those nice
indentations and grilling mark on the
sandwich so depending on the sandwich
you could take 10 to 15 minutes and also
it depends on the amount of ingredients
that you have put in the sandwich I have
one ready for you we're gonna take it
out and plate it now okay so let's do it
as you can see we have those beautiful
grilling marks it's evenly melted and
we're ready to play let's take our knife
and make us into the panini this looks
really really delicious and we make two
or three cuts here we have a beautiful
garnish blade we have some grapes and
some apples we want to bring all those
colors alive and we're ready to place
our panini in there our slices that
looks absolutely wonderful we have the
evenly melted brie with the caramelized
onions and also the apricot preserve
please make sure that you check out more
recipes on the precedent website this
tastes delicious I'm gonna have a bye
thank you we'll see you again
you